feat(ruby): Indicate that examples can be used for verification (#1027)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/collections/_documentation/clients/ruby/index.md

  Raven.capture_exception(exception)
end
```

> You can add either of the snippets above into your application to verify that the Sentry is working.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can add either of the snippets above into your application to verify that Sentry is set up correctly.
```
